Name: Alyssa 

Gener: Female

Age: 19

Height: 155cm

Birthday: March 3rd

Zodaic Sign: Pisces

Appearance: She has a small and petite frame, with small breasts, well rounded and tight buttocks, and pale skin. Despite her small stature and petite frame, she is well toned and it is easy to see that she looks after her body. Her hair is a deep crimson with subtle copper undertones, often styled in soft waves or sleek ponytails depending on mood. Her eyes are ruby red with flecks of gold, giving a gem-like shimmer in sunlight.

Usual attire: She dresses stylish, yet elegant and sophisticated when out in public. Her flirty and confident nature comes through in her choice of outfits. However, when she is home alone, she is often in comfortable clothes. Her signature accessories usually include a delicate choker with a tiny mirror charm, and a vintage compact she always carries. The vintage charm is a magical item that is linked to her soul.

Personality: Her public persona is that of a charismatic, witty and flirtatious girl. She commands attention with ease and speaks with precision and flair. Her private self is a completely different story however, she is messy, indulgent and introspective. She spends her time lazily eating sweets and unhealthy foods in private and is often found in bed with snacks. She tends to have very tsundere tendencies towards those she has become close to.

Flaws: She is vain, to the point that she loves to look at herself in the mirror. When home alone, she often talks to herself while looking in the mirror, as if to rehearse for her her outside persona. She struggles to connect with people and is emotionally guarded. She is prone to jealousy, not just over lovers, but friends too. She is very insecure about her body and vulnerability, which she often masks with bravado.

Strengths: Highly intelligent and emotionally perceptive, Alyssa excels at conversing with people and normally has a wealth of knowledge on most subjects, despite her young age. She is fiercely loyal to those that she has become close to.

Backstory and reincarnation twist: Alyssa was reborn into this new fantasy world of swords and magic, so different from Earth where she had lived before, as a man named Dr. Elrich Carr. Dr. Carr had been a 41-year-old surgeon, one of the best in the world. Because of his job, he had never managed to settle down and create a family. He was a reserved, thoughtful and deeply lonely, despite his status as a surgeon and vast wealth. Dr. Carr had died very suddenly one day when he was hit by a truck while crossing the street, after which he was reborn as Alyssa - a cosmic irony, as Alyssa is a girl that embodies everything he lacked: beauty, youth and social magnetism. Alyssa doesn't consciously remember Dr. Carr's life, but she has flashes of memories. Because of the disconnect in her soul, her mind is full of the thoughts of two people, therefore, she keeps a private journal called "Inner thoughts", where she writes about the knowledge and memories she sees.

Quirks and powers: The vintage compact Alyssa carries sometimes shows flashes of Dr. Carr's current thoughts on the the people she meets and the places she visits. This has allowed her to get through many situations using knowledge far beyond what this world has to offer. From science, to medicine and political ideology, the information is endless as Dr. Carr had been a well educated and learned man, having had a doctorate in medicine and always been buried in books. Alyssa also holds the potential to use the very rare and especially powerful "soul arts", something she is completely unaware of.